Hey Brian, hey YouTube.
- Hey everyone.
Yeah, sorry about everybody.
Sorry to everybody that showed up early.
We are recording a little bit later than normal,
but we'll get started now.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 291, recorded July 6, 2022,
and I'm Brian Otkin.
- Hey, I'm Michael Kennedy.
- Good to see you, Michael.
- Yeah, good to see Brian as well.
Fun as always.
There's just a never ending flow of fun stuff to talk about.
I know we got good stuff to share today as always.
- Yes, we do.
Why don't you kick us off?
- All right, I'm gonna kick us off with licensing.
Something everybody's super psyched about.
But I think you'll find this project interesting
And I don't know how you'll receive it,
but I was like, wait a minute, what?
This is odd.
So this project comes to us from Tom Nighthoff.
And he sent this in and said,
you know, it occurred to me that we have licenses
for things like pytest.
So I could go search for pytest.
And over on GitHub, turn my programming lens,
over on GitHub, I could check this out.
And what is the license?
Well, it looks like the license is MIT.
So if I want to use pytest,
I'm buying into the MIT license, right?
- Yeah, kinda.
- Sometimes.
- Only if you ship with it.
- That's true.
But you know, there are libraries like request
or whatever that you might, you know, ship, right?
So I'll just put pytest in here to see what we get.
So this project is called Python Project Insight,
and it only has about 5,300 packages parsed in so far.
But the idea is you can say, load the dependencies
and it'll show you the licenses.
So for example, for pytest we have the MIT license,
but pytest depends upon packaging and import lib metadata
and Colorama and PyParsing and Adders and typing extensions.
Well, packaging has the Apache license,
Colorama has the BST license,
Adders has MIT license, so does pytest,
and then the Python Software Foundation
has typing extensions. So I don't know, what do you think of
that?
It is interesting, and I don't know what you do with it.
I don't either. I'm like, wait a minute, I have to kind of sort
of consider the transit of closure of the dependencies for
their licenses. And I had never really, I'm sure people are
there. Well, of course, Michael, of course, that's how it works.
But for me, I like I hadn't really thought about I look at
the project or the library and has this license.
Like another one could be that you would build on before,
more likely would be like requests.
So if we load the dependencies for requests,
you have Apache, BSC, MIT, and Mozilla
split across that one project.
So yeah, I just think this is pretty wild.
Tom pointed out that TensorFlow was one of the more wild ones.
You load up TensorFlow, there's just
lots of different licenses here.
Like sample the GitHub licensing options basically.
- So if I was shipping a commercial project,
a commercial product with Python
that used a whole bunch of dependencies,
I do know that this transitive closure stuff,
the stuff that I'm actually shipping with,
I really am supposed to list those
and have those licenses listed in somewhere.
- Right, in a sense, 'cause you are shipping
the dependencies of a thing
in order for that thing to work, right?
- Yeah, so you're at least saying I'm using this,
it's here and here's the license for it.
I think that's the case.
I'm not a lawyer, of course.
But there's a whole bunch of these tools,
like pytest, for instance, that we use that we don't ship.
Those are a different story.
And that's kind of a different license thing.
But I don't know about the packages.
Are these like the packages that, these are shipping,
they're there, they're not really being sold,
but do you have to list the licenses
of the things that you're depending on?
I don't know.
- I don't know either.
I think maybe in sometimes it doesn't matter,
but if it was GPL rather than LGPL, right, for example,
that might be something you care about.
You know, I don't know.
I would love to hear people
who really understand this super well,
if they could like maybe tweet at us
or comment on the YouTube stream
or something like that about exactly what that means.
But I do think it's pretty interesting information.
Like, mostly this shows the licenses,
but it also shows the total size of installing the project
and what libraries it depends upon.
So you can kind of like poke around with that as well.
- That is, that's actually pretty useful
and interesting information as well
that you don't really think about is how big,
how big of a download do I get if I put all these things,
pull all these things together?
So, yeah.
- Yeah, and you can pile them up.
So you can say, I'm using TensorFlow,
I'm using SKLearn,
I'm using requests, whatever.
Then you can say like, okay, for those three,
tell me about what the story is, you know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- It's a little more interesting still.
I guess maybe that's not quite right,
but that just kind of works.
But anyway, yeah, something like that, right?
Yeah, neat.
So anyway, thanks Tom for sending that in
and share it with us.
- Well, I think I'll switch gears a little bit
and talk about data classes.
So I actually really like data classes.
Have you used data classes much, Mike?
- Some, they definitely have some very neat properties.
I find myself kind of when I'm on the edge
of using a data class, I'm like, maybe Pydantic,
but Frozen is a cool option.
you can add slots, slots makes so many things awesome
in terms of lower memory usage, faster attribute access,
all kinds of things.
And if it's just slots equal true on the class definition,
that's kind of nice.
- Yeah, it is.
So Train Hunter is a Python trainer
and he came up with this cool tool
on his Python morsels site called the Undated Class.
And it's actually also a library that he released,
a little tool that's Undated Class.
And he, the idea is he was thinking like,
what would be the equivalent of a data class?
If you didn't write a data class,
if you wanted to have the same sort of functionality,
what would you do in a normal class?
So he's got this cool tool down and the example shows,
yeah, it shows here slots, just a point with XYZ,
all floats and also shows frozen sets and slots,
but I'm gonna turn those off.
And you just change the class and it changes the output
and he prints out what an equivalent class would be
if you didn't use data classes.
So actually I'm not,
and I tried to make sure I understood all of this.
So one of the things that it's kind of neat
that it just, it's part of a learning tool that he's got
that it shows you what you get with data classes,
but there's not a lot of description around
like what all this means.
So this is sort of a fun thing
to help you look up stuff, I guess.
So right off the bat, if we just have X, Y, and Z,
you have a Dunder and Net that takes X, Y, and Z
as input values and assigns them.
And it comes with a nice wrapper class
and then an EQ, a Dunder EQ, which is for equality.
And one of the things I knew I wanted to look up
was to make sure I understood is what it does is it says,
if the other thing,
if I'm getting compared to something else,
if that other thing is also my same type
in this point, in this case point,
then you can do the equality comparison,
otherwise to raise a not implemented.
And that's just kind of a convention because Python,
and then what happens is Python will try to call EQ
on the other thing of like reverse the order and stuff
because it's kind of how Python works.
But it's one of those hidden sort of things
is you need to kind of know that.
If you don't know what to do in an EQ class
or an EQ function, Ray's not implemented
and then Python goes from there.
And then resetting though, if you give it slots,
all the slots does is add slots to it and that's it,
which is kind of cool.
And what slots does, yeah.
And what slots does is it makes it
so that you can't add later.
So if you can't add a W attribute later to your point,
But then if you do frozen, it does a whole bunch of stuff.
Oh, you get a whole bunch more Dunder methods,
but mostly these are just raising exceptions
so that if you try to change it, it raises an exception.
So anyway, this is kind of cool.
- Yeah, do you see the Dunder in it,
the constructor implementation when you add frozen?
It doesn't say self.x. - Oh, it does change.
- It calls setAdder like behind the scenes
and then it implements setAdder and delAdder
and raises exceptions if you try to mess with it.
It's pretty wild.
- That's cool.
We're also gonna link to a couple articles
that Trey wrote about.
He wrote about this, about how he wrote this.
And one of the things I'm bringing this up partly
'cause I like data classes and it's kind of cool
for people to learn what they are.
But in his developing this, he says he came up with
having a great use case for the match case,
new match case blocks in Python using Sentinel objects,
which I'm not sure what he's talking about there.
So I'll have to take that, look at that.
Using TextWrapDedent, which I love,
and it's nice to see somebody else using that.
Slice and then AST, so he's using AST in here.
So it's kind of a cool, fun example of using that.
So anyway, yeah, cool.
- Cool stuff and actually go back to the first one,
the first tab you got there.
- Yeah.
- One of the things I appreciate from this example
is you just say class point X colon float,
Y colon float, Z colon float,
you put the data class attribute on it.
Look how much it's doing for you, right?
Like it's not just the typed values,
but it's protecting the read write ability,
making it read only, it's getting a wrapper definition,
It's getting hashability, equality,
not equality effectively by, all right,
there's a lot of cool things that's adding for you there.
- Yeah, and he's suggesting doing other stuff
like using keyword only and fields,
different fields to see if you can change how it works.
But yeah, I'll have to play with this more.
And a reminder to everybody that has,
is like data classes are almost enough, but you need more.
We'll also look at adders because adders
is a kind of a super set of data classes.
- Right.
Yeah, fantastic.
That's great.
Cool.
I find the next one I got here.
This one's for you.
Okay.
- All right.
So let's go back.
We'll take a two step process to approach this.
Did you ever use links, L-Y-N-X?
>> Yeah, like a long, long time ago.
>> I remember SSH.
I know I think I telnet it into the mainframes back of the university,
and I'd run ly in X.
This predated the graphical web.
I mean, it's insane.
But it's a browser that is pure text in the terminal.
Today we have all these fancy browsers.
But one of the things you had a lot of is like keyboard shortcuts and
and other types of things you could do, right?
- Yeah.
- Well, now that it's 30 years later,
what if we could go back to a time a little bit like that?
So I wanna introduce you to the Qt Browser,
Q-U-T-E Browser, okay?
- Okay.
- So what is this?
The Qt Browser is also like kind of
in need of a homepage refresh,
but it's a keyboard focused browser
with a minimal GUI.
And what's interesting is it's built with Python.
Okay, so it's a full web browser built with Python.
And it's kind of like a Vimper or one of these other ones
that lets you do Vim like control and behavior of it.
A little bit like Links,
but it's actually Chrome more or less,
at least the Chrome runtime.
So this one was sent in,
I'm gonna make sure I give him credit
for giving the shout out.
This was sent in to us by Martin Boris
and it's pretty neat.
So it's a browser.
Let me switch up my screen share
just for you for a sec.
Stop and then I'm gonna add the Qt browser.
Ready?
Where is it?
There.
All right.
So look at this bad boy.
So this is the browser and how do I go to places?
Well, I can click on things like here's a link I can click on
but if I wanna go somewhere, I press O
and it pulls up a place I can open.
Look at this, I got my history.
I wanna go to like, I'm gonna go to talk Python.
If I wanna do a command, I hit colon
and here's all my commands.
I've like my tab, focus and control and so on.
Go over here and just type F.
So if I wanna navigate, for example,
I'm here on the Talk Python page.
What if I wanna go to courses?
I type F and then everything,
see how everything gets a letter above it?
- Oh, that's pretty great.
- So L, D, D, G.
If I wanna go to D, I just press D
and then we're off on the Talk Python Training site
and so on.
So I could open,
say open,
and I can search for pytest.
pull up my tests and so on, and I can do a new tab.
I gotta remember how to do that.
Yeah, we're gonna say tab clone.
And I come over here,
I know there's a bunch of good commands that I'm not following
like very much like if I was actually using Vim.
- Yeah.
- If I could search for pytest book,
I could come over here, right?
Like that, and I can hit, is it control or windows control?
- Ooh, that's a good book.
I heard this good book.
So I can like cycle through my tabs,
see how minimal my tabs are and stuff right there.
- Oh yeah. - Right at the bottom.
It's got all the little commands.
So anyway, and I can type colon Q, boom, we're out.
- Nice.
- What do you think of this?
Yeah, what do you think of that?
- I actually love the Qt Browser.
I haven't used it much,
but I definitely know about it
because the Florian Bruin who started Qt Browser,
he's a pytest core contributor
and also one of the technical reviewers
for the pytest book.
So really cool guy.
But I love the idea of being able to just use a browser
with a keyboard and not have to touch the mouse at all.
That's like, that's next level.
- It's pretty neat.
- I guess.
Yeah.
- Yeah, let's see.
Out in the audience, Kim Benwick, hey Kim, says,
I resign myself to using a mouse more than I want to.
Qt Browser may be the way to go.
Thanks for the tip, awesome.
- Yeah. - And Alvaro says,
"Are those VS Code shortcuts?"
I suppose only if you have the Vim bindings set in VS Code.
But then I sort of yes,
which really just means Vim. - Well, of course you do.
Why wouldn't you?
- Are you a monster?
No. - Can you do,
can you even do Emacs bindings?
- I don't know.
You could do non-Vim bindings.
- Yeah, right.
- But then people would look down on you, right, Brian?
I don't do Vim stuff in my,
I know that you probably do though.
- Yeah, I use Vim everywhere, especially in VS Code.
So nice.
But I think people should check it out.
It's kind of a cool project.
And also it helped push forward some of the,
some pytest things.
We got some new features because of this.
So it's cool.
- Yeah, that's great.
I installed it with Homebrew.
So that was easy to install.
You can install it with apt on Linux.
I'm not sure about Windows,
but they've got a quick start guide.
So you can follow along to see like,
you know, what you might want to do.
Like it's not super obvious.
- No, that cheat sheet is a kind of a eye chart.
- It's a bit of an eye chart.
I suspect you can zoom it.
There you go.
It's still small.
but yeah, I do like the navigation,
pressing like F and then just a letter to navigate
instead of using your mouse to follow the links.
That's pretty cool.
- Do you remember those like those templates
that people used to have like back in the day
for like in like office tools where they would-
- Right, it was actually an overlay on your keyboard.
- Yeah, it would go over the, like the function keys
to so that you can remember which functions did what
during what application.
If you switch to Word, you put a different,
or probably Word Perfect at the time,
you put a different template over it.
- Yeah, I'm gonna use Lotus one, two, three,
give me the function key over.
- Yeah, yeah, okay.
- Yeah, I totally like that, it is.
- Showing how old I am.
So let's talk about something new.
- I'm sure they still teach that in college.
- Yeah, no, they don't.
Although in college, I had to teach,
I was a TA for like a computers 101 class.
during grad school and links was one of the things we had to teach.
And I was like, no, I'm just going to use this. Yeah.
But it was part of the curriculum. Yeah. That's awesome. Anyway,
so let's switch to something new, like async. So, yeah,
uh, I think we've talked about court probably several times.
and court is a, it's like flask, but it's async.
it actually is the, is the, does the entire,
It supports the Flask API or I think,
and sort of looks the same, but it's async instead,
pretty much.
But there's a problem.
- Super close.
You can basically, everywhere you have the word Flask,
if you replace it with the word Court,
it more or less works.
So like lower case, like import lowercase F Flask,
you import lowercase Court.
If you create an object, capital F Flask,
you use capital Court,
and then it lets you do async basically.
- Cool.
But there's an ecosystem around both of them now.
So there are extensions to Flask.
Some of them work on Quart.
There's extensions to Quart.
I don't know if any of those work on Flask,
but the people behind both of them
kind of are supportive of the whole thing.
And so Quart is actually now part of the Palettes project
was the big news.
And Palettes is the project that includes Flask
and a whole bunch of other stuff.
But it, because of this,
it will help maybe the maintainers kind of work together
a little bit better and smoother to iron this out.
So the big difference of course is that Flask has a whiskey
server behind it, server is the right word.
And Cort is ASCII, so asynchronous.
But the, it's, so this is cool.
Well, why do we care a little bit is that
it used to be that really you had to do async.
If you wanted async, you had to do core.
But now Flask as a Flask 2.0,
you do have some async capabilities,
but it's still using a single threaded server.
So there's, there are some limitations.
So kind of interesting to read about this.
There is a async and await page on the Flask website
that talks about really what the trade-offs are,
what the performance and the background tasks
and how to do that within,
without switching to court,
but then also talks about at some point,
you might wanna just switch to court instead.
Along this line is, I was thinking about this partly
while I was looking at this other article
from Steve Pate that called,
should you use async on your next Python web application?
Which I was, I wanted to bring this up
'cause I was curious about what your take on it was.
The first part is it's a really nice history.
It talks about the history of web server interfaces
with Python, with the timelines and, and Whiskey and Ascii.
And then how AsyncIO came into play
and how UVicorn is popular and Goonicorn.
I don't know how to say that.
- I'm pretty sure it's Gunicorn
'cause it's short for green unicorn.
So the last bit should still be pronounced unicorn.
So I'm gonna go with G.
- Okay.
And then there's Hypercorn,
which is the asynchronous web server that's similar.
Anyway, so it talks about this, but then at the end,
the conclusion, it talks about all the different frameworks.
In the conclusion is,
most people don't need async on their web server.
And I was curious what your reaction to this conclusion is.
- I have some thoughts.
Okay, so here's my thought.
- It depends, it depends on how far you need to push it
towards the edge.
I was surprised how far you can get without async
in terms of concurrency.
- Okay.
- So I recently did an in-person class, imagine that,
over Zoom, but live in person.
I actually have some more to say about that,
it's kind of related.
But anyway, I just did a course with some folks
we're doing FastAPI and they said, look, this async stuff that we're doing,
like add some complexity to the way that we got to write code.
And we're not sure whether or not there's a trade off.
So what we did is we actually ended up writing a FastAPI app
with using the sync and the async version of SQLAlchemy
and then using async and an async version of FastAPI endpoints.
Okay?
Okay.
with the database that we had as the backend
and the database was not the limiting factor
'cause it was at like 10% CPU while this was happening,
it was just chilling.
- Yeah.
- But with a real database Postgres as the backend,
what we found was we could do,
if I can remember this right.
Oh boy, I can certainly give you the relative bit.
So with the synchronous version,
we got way more scalability than we thought.
So it was like 75% performance of the async version.
So that seems way higher 'cause the database,
like most of the things we were doing
is just waiting on the database.
But because we were running in gunicorn
with uvicorn workers,
I was really just in gunicorn with threads,
you know, Python doesn't do threading well,
except when it's listening on a network socket
or doing a few other things that will release the GIL.
And guess what?
When you're talking database,
you're listening to network socket.
So there's all these points
that naturally free up the threading.
- Interesting.
- And actually got us like 75% of the way there,
but we still got 25 to 30% more performance
out of the async version.
And it was like,
I think it was five worker processes
running on my eight core machine,
talking to Postgres.
and we were getting something like,
you know, like 2000 requests per second
versus 1500 a second, or maybe it was 1000, 1500,
something like that, it was a lot of requests per second.
But we did get more performance out of the async version.
So my depends is like that last 25,
are you like that close to your performance?
I would say 95% of the web apps are not maxed, right?
They're not maxed out with like multiple servers
trying to deal with it.
All right, 95% of servers are doing important work,
but they're probably still have a lot of capacity left.
So it's like, it depends.
Do you need that last 25% or does it not really matter?
- Yeah.
Yeah, and also-
- Those are my thoughts.
- What's the load like on your typical,
I mean, what are your levels anyway, right?
So if you already have an,
Like for instance, if you already have an application
running, you can measure it and see what your reload
is looking like and how many people you have.
And then if you think, oh, I might increase my,
what if we double?
Then you can kind of guess what your load's gonna look like
if you double and stuff.
So, interesting.
- I recommend people check out this Locust thing
because it's so easy to say a typical user clicks
on the page between five and 15 seconds.
They might go log in some of the time,
they might go hit the homepage,
they might hit the about, and then you can say,
I would like to see how many users I can take.
And if you're 10X what you need,
it doesn't matter whether you use async or not,
but there is a performance benefit.
It's just not as massive as it might sound.
- The other bit that I wanna like point out
is the one statement that like,
it depends on what you're using also.
Like I can't find the bit here,
but he was talking about how one application he had,
he was thinking about, oh, I might do async,
except for he was using a payment gateway
that didn't have an async version.
So he had to use a synchronous for that.
And since it's synchronous somewhere, you kind of have,
is this true?
If it's synchronous somewhere,
you have to be synchronous everywhere,
or is that not really true?
Do you know?
- Sorry, say that if it's async,
it's async everywhere or sync, it's sync everywhere.
- Either one, is either one of those true?
If I, like if I have a, if I've got an application
and I do need to hit a gateway that's synchronous,
do I need to, if I isolate it,
I guess I can probably do asynchronous
and hide it that way, but.
- Yeah, I mean, you just don't get as good a scalability.
- Yeah. - There, and you kind of
block up the processing if you do the sync.
For the async one, you can do like a wrapper
where you say like, we're gonna do some async work,
but I'm just gonna call that in block
because all the other stuff above it
doesn't want to deal with being async.
So it's easier to go from sync to async,
to like have part of it be async.
The other way around is a little more tricky.
It can mess it up a bit.
- Okay, cool.
- Yeah.
- Nice, interesting conversation.
Thanks a lot.
- Absolutely, it sure is.
Is that it? Is that all of our items?
- Are we? I think.
Is that all of our items? - I think so.
- I guess so.
- Yeah, yeah.
You got any extras for us?
- I don't.
- Okay. - No.
- I have some.
Let me pull them up here.
Locust, look, let me tell you about it now.
It's great.
All right, now I have three things
I want to tell people about.
Number one is I did a talk at Python web conference,
the HTMX and Flask one that I've done in some other places,
but that was a fun talk, like a 45 minute flask
plus HTMX goodness there.
And so that video along with all the other
Python webconf 2022 talks are now on YouTube.
So people can check that out.
Did you know that the Python web conference had five days
and I think it was like four or five tracks all day.
So there are a ton of videos.
There's like 150 videos or something on there.
I mean, look at this scroll bar here.
It's probably gonna like page as I get to the bottom too.
Yep.
You know, look at that.
So there's a lot of talks that people can come check out
if they're interested in that.
One of them being PCC MX that I did.
- Yeah, I wanna watch your talk.
You've given that a couple of times.
- Yeah, yeah, I've gave it a couple of times.
Basically the way it worked is like
when I was working on that course
and really like playing with those ideas,
I submitted to a bunch of conferences
and those conferences were either a year out
or they were like a month out or something, right?
So that's how I ended up so spread out.
The other one is I mentioned the browser that was fun,
but how about the Browser-asaurus?
This is a macOS only tool,
but there's probably something like it for the others.
So here's the thing.
Suppose I'm in Typeora, which is a Markdown editor,
or I'm in PowerPoint and it's got a link and I click it.
By default, it opens in the default browser,
but depending on what you're doing,
you might want it to be like,
oh, sometimes I wanted to open in Vivaldi,
but other times I wanted to open in,
like say the Qt browser or Orion
or some odd thing like that, right?
So the idea with this thing is that you click a link
and when it opens up,
instead of opening in the default browser,
the browser as source is the default.
And then you have keyboard shortcuts
like F for Firefox, E for Edge, S for Safari.
And you say, well, which one do you wanna open in right now?
And it basically just delegates
to the different browsers you register it with.
So you can hit T for Tor or F for Firefox
when you click a link.
That's kind of cool.
- That is pretty cool.
- Yeah, I haven't been convinced
that I would use that or not, but I do appreciate it.
And I feel like maybe someone sent that in
and if they did, I really appreciate it.
But yeah, I don't have any notes of who sent it in.
So anyway, that's pretty cool.
If you find yourself, you know,
copy link going to different browsers a lot
and you're on Mac, I know that's like a small,
a rapidly decreasing Venn diagram.
But if you're in that space,
this might be a cool option for you.
- Yeah.
- I don't play much anyway.
TypeScript mostly.
- Okay.
So speaking of browsers,
I just found this 'cause I was like,
Is links dead? Can I use something like links now?
And there's a browser called Browse,
which is a text-based browser.
So that's still a thing.
Cool, I gotta try this out.
- My gosh.
I love it that it kind of has text,
but it like 8-bit pixelated.
- Yeah, it takes the images.
- I mean, it has pictures, but it kind of 8-bit,
it takes the images and makes them look
like what you would get.
- Yeah, so I'll have to give this a try.
Yeah.
- And you run it in Docker.
Of course you do.
All right, pretty cool.
All right, let's, yeah, go ahead.
One more before we get to our joke.
The other one is I talked about doing a live class.
So I actually have an announcement
for a live class that I'm doing.
So obviously people know I have a bunch of online courses
and of course I'm gonna keep,
I'm already working on the next one of those
and we've got a bunch coming there.
But I wanna try some experiments,
something where people can attend a class
in person with other people, right?
If they sort of help each other along,
and I've tried this before, this cohort thing,
but I think I've got a better platform,
a better way to do it.
So over at, this link I'm gonna put in the show notes,
I'm doing a FastAPI in MongoDB,
so basically FastAPI, Pydantic, Beanie, and MongoDB course
that is going to be a four day, six day course
over two weeks and it has a couple hours a day
and a bunch of people there working together
on some fun stuff and I'll be live teaching every session.
So it's gonna be like a live course
as if you were attending it in person,
just remotely because it's 2022 and it's not,
I guess it's not post COVID all the way.
But anyway, it's got a really cool set of topics
we cover talks about async, it talks about Mongo, Beanie,
PyDandic, FastAPI of course.
We even use Locust at the end to test it out.
- I think this would be fun, this looks great, cool.
- Yeah, awesome.
I think it'll be fun too, I think it'll be neat
to have this experience with people.
And I've tried this before, but all my prior attempts were,
they were good I think, but they were like,
"Oh, take the online course, and then we'll do
"like a community type thing."
This is like a live course that I'm just teaching
one off for that group of people that sign up.
So we'll see how that goes.
If it goes really well, people love it,
then I'll do more of these.
If not, then maybe less of them.
I don't know, we'll see how it goes.
But this is happening August 8th to 19th.
So it has a real date,
it has a real live aspect to it.
- Nice.
- All right.
That's and Mario on the ice says,
that's my stack right there.
Oh yeah, that's a good stack right there.
There's some really good stuff to talk about there.
I've been using Beanie and FastAPI for stuff
and obviously Mongo.
- Yeah.
Speaking of courses, one question out there,
how's the pytest course going?
It is going, it's creeping forward,
but life has gotten in the way.
- And it's awesome that you're having,
yeah, it's awesome that you're working on that.
It takes a while to create a course, doesn't it?
- Longer than I thought.
I'm like, man, I already wrote the book.
I can totally pop a course out like a couple of days.
(laughing)
- Of course.
Would you say that like as a junior developer,
you might think about this differently
than after somebody has been doing it for a while?
- Yeah.
This cracked me up.
So I can't remember who shared this.
- This is a great joke from out here.
- Somebody shared on Twitter, sorry.
I don't know who, but.
Okay, so in a job interview,
you've got somebody gets asked,
where do you see yourself in five years?
And the junior developer in this interview question,
like shows a picture of like, you know,
the black hoodie with multiple screens
and light up keyboard.
Just, I'm an acronym.
- Yeah.
- Totally coding, yeah.
- Senior developer, where do you see yourself
in five years?
On a farm.
- Pumpkin farming with cows and apples.
And you know what, I'm about done.
- Yeah, my personal thoughts are why not both?
This is just a view of the inside his office
and then outside.
Working from home, man.
- That's right, working from home.
All right, I have maybe the one that preceded that,
the one that, or maybe is in between these two
that might precipitate the second.
You ready? - Okay.
- All right, so this is a tweet from Programming Humor.
It's a strange language, that JS.
JavaScript is such a strange language.
Nobody can understand it.
But if they manage to, then they create their own framework.
(laughing)
Everyone's got their JavaScript front end framework
or something like that.
- Yeah.
You know you've made it when the framework you've invented
starts showing up on job requirements.
- That's right.
With four years experience when it's still years old.
- Exactly.
Well, good episode, Michael.
Thanks for showing up again.
You bet.
Fun as always.
Yeah, thanks everybody.
In the slack and everything.
Bye.
Yep.
Later.